B2C Implementation Guide (#7310)
auth0/docs: articles/architecture-scenarios/b2c/user-profile-mgmt.md

---
title: User Profile Management
description: Learn about user profile management planning considerations for your B2C implementation. 
toc: true
topics:
    - b2c
    - ciam
    - user-profiles
contentType: concept
useCase:
  - profile-management
---
# User Profile Management

> User information is stored in a [*user profile*](/users/concepts/overview-user-profile) and can come from a variety of sources such as [identity providers](/identityproviders), your own databases, and enterprise connections (Active Directory, SAML, etc.). You can *normalize* user data that comes from a variety of data sources. By default, Auth0 creates one user profile for each user identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User information is stored in Auth0 as part of the [*user profile*](/users/concepts/overview-user-profile) - a.k.a. the users' Account - and can come from a variety of sources, such as [3rd party identity providers](/https://auth0.com/docs//identityproviders#social), your own [databases](/identityproviders#database-and-custom-connections), and [enterprise connections](/identityproviders#enterprise) (e.g. Active Directory, SAML, etc.).
```

> User information is stored in a [*user profile*](/users/concepts/overview-user-profile) and can come from a variety of sources such as [identity providers](/identityproviders), your own databases, and enterprise connections (Active Directory, SAML, etc.). You can *normalize* user data that comes from a variety of data sources. By default, Auth0 creates one user profile for each user identity.

Reviewer: I feel the meaning from the original B2C Welcome (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wHEmRsPVciJJVuyssBH3RyO1mLYIGqLj34-vhVFEODU/edit#bookmark=id.fxjexvb2du95) has been lost here:

`You can *normalize* user data that comes from a variety of data sources. By default, Auth0 creates one user profile for each user identity.`

> Here are some examples of the things that determine how you will manage user profile information:

Reviewer: In some other sections - User Logout for example (articles/architecture-scenarios/b2c/user-logout.md) - this seems to have been placed under a `### Design considerations` section. Again, there seems to be a lack of consistency with regards to the formatting here.
